# Object Detector DLM Web\n\n## Overview\n\n`Object-Detector-DLM-WEB` is a web-based application that utilizes deep learning models for real-time object detection and tracking using your camera feed. The application is built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and leverages TensorFlow.js with the COCO-SSD model to detect and label objects in the video stream.\n\n## Features\n\n- Real-time object detection using TensorFlow.js and COCO-SSD model.\n- Camera access to stream live video for detection.\n- Display of detected object names and confidence scores.\n- Responsive design with Google UI/UX styling.\n\n## Getting Started\n\n### Prerequisites\n\n- A modern web browser that supports HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.\n- Internet connection to load TensorFlow.js and COCO-SSD model from CDNs.\n\n### Installation\n\n1. **Clone the Repository:**\n\n   ```bash\n   git clone https://github.com/harshitj183/Object-Detector-DLM-WEB.git\n   ```\n\n2. **Navigate to the Project Directory:**\n\n   ```bash\n   cd Object-Detector-DLM-WEB\n   ```\n\n3. **Open `index.html` in Your Browser:**\n\n   You can open the `index.html` file directly in your browser to view and use the application.\n\n### Usage\n\n1. **Allow Camera Access:**\n\n   When you first load the application, you'll be prompted to allow access to your camera. Grant permission for the application to use the camera.\n\n2. **View Object Detection:**\n\n   Once camera access is granted, the application will start streaming video and detecting objects in real-time. The detected objects and their names will be displayed on the video feed.\n\n## Files\n\n- `index.html`: The main HTML file that sets up the page structure.\n- `style.css`: Contains the styling for the application, including Google UI/UX design.\n- `script.js`: Contains the JavaScript code for handling video streaming, object detection, and drawing bounding boxes.\n\n## Contributing\n\nIf you would like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:\n\n1. Fork the repository.\n2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.\n3. Commit your changes and push to your fork.\n4. Open a pull request with a description of your changes.\n\n## License\n\nThis project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.\n\n## Acknowledgements\n\n- [TensorFlow.js](https://www.tensorflow.org/js) for providing deep learning capabilities in JavaScript.\n- [COCO-SSD Model](https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/coco-ssd) for object detection.\n- Google UI/UX for design inspiration.\n\n## Contact\n\nFor any questions or feedback, please contact [Harshit Jaiswal](mailto:harshitj183@gmail.com). 
